1. Our idea for the site remained somewhat constant; however there was one primary difference. Instead of just focusing on implementing recipe recommendations based on what a user has, we also provide nutritional information about all ingredients and recipes so as to better comply with the theme.
2. We have implemented: inputting ingredients, dynamic pages, login, generating data for recipes and ingredients, adding in nutritional information, and returning recipes that match a user's current ingredients. All are fully complete, except for login, in which we don't yet display a personalized page (although the backend is fully functional). You can login using test@test.com with password "password2". If you are unable to find recipes matching your ingredient choice, you can consult the current database of recipes at https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6258038/generated_recipes.json or you could try these sample combos ("mustard greens", "cinnamon","grapefruit"; "french fries",  "coconut milk", "angel hair"; "worcestershire", "shredded chicken", "clementine", "refried beans", "rose hips"). Note that we also have steps available for the recipes (also at the json file) but we were not able to implement viewing those at this time.
3. We did not manage to include our recipe submission or viewing in our MVP, primarily due to one of the group members needing to suddenly leave town for several days. Those will be done within the next several days.
4. We wish to also implement rating recipes and viewing recipes at a persistent URL: these have not been started yet.
5. We are using Node.js, Firebase, Express, and BCrypt (for password hashing)
6. We are using Bootstrap, typeahead.js, JQuery, Jade, Stylus, and underscore.js.
7. We are targeting Chrome.
8. We still need to ensure that we can quickly handle adding recipes and viewing recipes, as well as adding more records into the database and/or allowing "almost there" recipes that need only one or two more ingredients. 
